[EventDispatcher] Show partial matching for debug:event-dispatcher (#14659)
symfony/symfony-docs: event_dispatcher.rst

    $ php bin/console debug:event-dispatcher kernel.exception

> To get everything matching "kernel" (i.e. ``kernel.exception``, ``kernel.response`` etc.) use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or can get everything matching "kernel" (i.e. ``kernel.exception``, ``kernel.response`` etc.):
```

Sorry for so many suggestions 🙈 💟

Author: Hmm. okey, you want to to match with the paragraph above.

Reviewer: Yes it reads more fluently

> or can get everything matching "kernel" (i.e. ``kernel.exception``, ``kernel.response`` etc.):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or can get everything which partial matches the event name:
```

>     You can also find listeners to event names partially matching a string. Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also find listeners to event names partially matching a string.
```

>     $ php bin/console debug:event-dispatcher kernel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ php bin/console debug:event-dispatcher kernel // matches "kernel.exception", "kernel.response" etc.
```

>     $ php bin/console debug:event-dispatcher App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ php bin/console debug:event-dispatcher Security // matches "Symfony\Component\Security\Http\Event\CheckPassportEvent"
```

I took this from your code PR

> .. versionadded:: 5.3
> 
>     You can also find listeners to event names partially matching a string. Example
>     to show all events and their listeners related to ``kernel``, your app or Security:
> 
>     .. code-block:: terminal
> 
>         $ php bin/console debug:event-dispatcher kernel
>         $ php bin/console debug:event-dispatcher App
>         $ php bin/console debug:event-dispatcher Security
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

to get everything matching "kernel" (i.e. ``kernel.exception``, ``kernel.response`` etc.) use:

.. code-block:: terminal

    $ php bin/console debug:event-dispatcher kernel

.. versionadded:: 5.3

    The ability to match partial event names was introduced in Symfony 5.3.
```

The advantage is, that we can just remove the versionadded in Symfony 6 docs, without rearranging the code examples itself.

Author: I see. Thank you

Reviewer: Thank you, shall we add examples for App and or Security? Are these event names or does it matches a namespace?

    $ php bin/console debug:event-dispatcher kernel.exception

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: oops =)
